readme.md, before:

[see the iris webpage]: http://www.samir-ahmed.com/iris.html
[contact me]: http://www.samir-ahmed.com

# README: Iris Voice Automation

An interactive desktop assistant - uses voice commands to answer and automate simple lookup and playing tasks
For simple tasks like checking the weather and brief wikipedia queries.

-Utilizes the Google Speech API for voice recognition
-Utilizes the Google Translate API for speech synthesis

For more information [see the iris webpage] or [contact me]

## Sample  Questions

#### Who is Landon Donavan?	
	Landon Timothy Donovan is an American soccer player who plays for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer.	

#### What is Vienna Philharmonic?
	The Vienna Philharmonic is an orchestra in Austria, regularly considered one of the finest in the world

#### What is the weather in San Francisco?
	Weather for san francisco, Currently Cloudy, at 60 degrees. Forecast says, Mostly Sunny. A high of 65 and A low of 54

## How To Build

To build Iris, clone the repository

	$ git clone git@github.com:samirahmed/Iris-Voice-Automation.git

Extract the zip file "lib.zip" found in the folder

	 ./Iris-Voice-Automation/Iris_0.1.0/lib/

The archived .zip lib.zip contains all the non source .jar dependencies

After doing this you have all the necessary files for building.

Suggested to use the eclipse IDE and build.xml file to build and run

## License Information

Iris Voice Automation created by Samir Ahmed is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    Iris Voice Automation is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with Iris Voice Automation.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

added link to binary in readme

readme.md, after:

[see the iris webpage]: http://www.samir-ahmed.com/iris.html
[contact me]: http://www.samir-ahmed.com
[iris.zip]: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/36801801/Iris.zip

# README: Iris Voice Automation

An interactive desktop assistant - uses voice commands to answer and automate simple lookup and playing tasks
For simple tasks like checking the weather and brief wikipedia queries.

-Utilizes the Google Speech API for voice recognition
-Utilizes the Google Translate API for speech synthesis

For more information [see the iris webpage] or [contact me]

## Sample  Questions

#### Who is Landon Donavan?	
	Landon Timothy Donovan is an American soccer player who plays for Los Angeles Galaxy in Major League Soccer.	

#### What is Vienna Philharmonic?
	The Vienna Philharmonic is an orchestra in Austria, regularly considered one of the finest in the world

#### What is the weather in San Francisco?
	Weather for san francisco, Currently Cloudy, at 60 degrees. Forecast says, Mostly Sunny. A high of 65 and A low of 54

## How To Build

To build Iris, clone the repository

	$ git clone git@github.com:samirahmed/Iris-Voice-Automation.git

Extract the zip file "lib.zip" found in the folder

	 ./Iris-Voice-Automation/Iris_0.1.0/lib/

The archived .zip lib.zip contains all the non source .jar dependencies

After doing this you have all the necessary files for building.

Suggested to use the eclipse IDE and build.xml file to build and run

## Binary or Executable File

To get the latest binary / Executable file [Version 0.1]

- Download this [iris.zip] file
- Extract the zip
- Run the iris_0.1.jar file with the following command

	java -jar iris_0.1.jar

## License Information

Iris Voice Automation created by Samir Ahmed is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 2 of the License, or
    (at your option) any later version.

    Iris Voice Automation is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with Iris Voice Automation.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
